it's the world premiere for the neuter
Iraq at the Auto Show in Beijing a no
design more features and lower
consumption eww came up with a number of
fresh ideas to make SUV fans happy Robin
was in to use it we made subtle changes
to the interior there are several new
features the control dials for example
there are some new precision
manufacturer design elements which is
part of our very precise quality
initiative also very important are
significant improvements with respect to
mobile online services we now have all
the Google applications on board such as
Google Street View traffic information
and so on all of this is included now
which puts us on a completely new level
implementation go from complete before
we W already sold approximately 750
thousand directs to break through the 1
million barrier the powerhouse SUV
received a facelift
barger bi-xenon headlights now come
standard and nestled nicely into the
striking radiator grille
a newly designed front bumper underneath
makes the front of the car lot wider and
the rear end of the touareg now also
looks beefier then of course there are
the new paint colors and rims which turn
quite a few heads in Beijing many
Chinese people of cars just like this
SUV especially this is no off-road
performance and on-road performance is
very nice car I think Chinese people
almost they like a full well try and
they like the SUV and they're like a big
space the touareg is not only visually
appealing its inner values are equally
attractive w lowered fuel consumption by
up to six percent optimize start/stop
system and the freewheel function can
extend the Torah regs range
in terms of the engines we took a close
look at opportunities for lowering fuel
consumption thirty-six percent the six
cylinder and the eight-cylinder engines
are all eu6 compliant this means that in
terms of emissions we are geared to the
future and of course we have our hybrid
engine which was also updated now part
of this vehicle as well
touareg hybrid is particularly
environmentally friendly locally it can
drive a mission free up to a speed of 50
km/h a large SUV with a hybrid drive
that's a clear signal Volkswagen
sincerity with respect to its e-mobility
campaign for long-distance driving the
touareg hybrid uses a v6 TSI engine with
that the 2014 generation is well
underway to continuing the touareg
success story
you